Document: 

System Requirement Specification Document (SRS) for VIJAYSALES
Client: Seller, Customer(Buyer)

Team:

Direct Customer,Indirect Customer, Software Architect, UI/UX Designer
Quality Assurance, Business Analyst.


Objective:
Customer is able to purchase products from 

Scope:

Any annoymous user can see the product and its details.
user/buyer/customer have to login to buy any product from online store.
seller have to login and he can add and update the products from the store.
seller can see the list of customers who purchased that product.



Functional Requirements:
any user(customer) can see the products from the store
any user(customer) can add one or more products to their cart
any user(customer) can get the recommendation about the products from similar categories.
any user(customer) can discard/remove products from their carts.
any user(customer) can set location for the order delivery.
any user(customer) can cancel the order within the 24hrs of placing the order.

Non Functional Requirements:


Security
only registerd user can place order from online store.
every registered user(customer) have its own unique id & password.
only seller have the access to details about the buyer & products.
only seller has access to change/update the product details.
Stakeholders will take care of the threats facing a system in order to build defences against them.
For inactive stakeholders, the system will block operations and redirect to the authentication page.
Internally, the system will keep a secure communication channel open between servers (web servers, app servers, database servers).
Sensitive data will always be encrypted across communications.
Use a proper firewall to protect servers from outside, vulnerable attacks.
The access permission for system data may only be changed by System's data administrator. 




Realiablilty
The system will backup business data on a regular basis and recover in a short time to keep the system operational. Continous updates are maintained, and continuous administration is done to keep the system operational.
During peak hours, the system will maintain the same user experience by managing load balancing.
It consistently performs the given tasks without failure.  

Availablity
The information will be available to access and use all the time, with reliable access. Certainly, it must be true for those with access rights.


Maintainability
Software maintenance will be done when the customer demands new features and functions in the software.
When the system's hardware is upgraded, the software is updated as well.
A commercial database software will be used to maintain system data persistence.
Separate environments will be maintained for system isolation in production, testing, and development.

Portability
The software will be easily moved from one computing environment to another. They include portable versions of regular applications such as browsers.
The system will provide portable user interfaces (HTML, CSS, and JS) for users to access the portal.
The system can be deployed to single or multiple servers, any operating system, and the cloud (Azure, AWS, or GCP).

Durability
The system will retain information about users for a relatively longer time.
software will allow an organisation to adjust the software to business needs that are constantly evolving, often in impulsive ways.

Modularity
System will be designed and developed using reusable, independent or dependent business senarios in the form of modules. These modules will be loosely coupled and highly cohesive.
System will contain event processing, ticket booking, CRM, membership and Roles managment modules. 

Efficiency
On Concert Level events and Celebrity Level events, the maximum number of users will book for an event and view the event information with the same response time. The user will be able to see the event updates, like sell and products, at the same time.

Scalability
Regardless of load, the system will be able to provide a consistent user experience to stakeholders and visitors.
The software will handle increased workloads while adding and removing users with minimal cost impact.
The software supports growing amounts of data.

Safety
The system will enforce some rules by implementing access control rules in a central, server-side management library to decide who needs what access to which data and to which features.
The system will be safe from malicious attacks.
System functionalities are protected from the outside with proper firewall configuration.
Business data will be backed up periodically to ensure the safety of the data using an incremental backup strategy.
Role-based security will be applied for application data and operations accessibility.
